The Examination Section headed by the Controller of Examinations was established after the conferment of autonomous status to the college in 2016. The Controller of Examinations is appointed by the Director as per the UGC specifications and is assisted by the Deputy Controller of Examination and other staff for conducting the examinations and publishing the results in time. The Examination Section is mainly responsible for the Conduct of various examinations, valuation of answer scripts and publication of results and Certificates. The office of the COE is sensitized to the just demands of the students, and holds their welfare in top priority. In the interest of the smooth running of all the processes of the COE office, which are vital to the proper functioning of the institute, a manual “Examination Rules and Regulations” has been compiled in which all the rules, regulations and procedures have been exhaustively laid out. This manual will serve as a useful ready- reckoner and help to clear doubts that may arise. The Examination Section is aware of the need for reforms in traditional examination and assessment system and is continuously striving towards evolving a credible, valid, effective and transparent evaluation system that addresses the challenges and newer demands of the outside world. We are continuously evolving by adopting technology to facilitate easy interface for exchange of information. Online mode of registration for examinations to facilitate the generation of student summary, Name lists and admit cards in order to minimize time and make the entire process error free. Inform and train faculty and non-teaching staff members about the conduct and organization of examination. Strengthen the system to facilitate processes for the students for prompt response to and redressal of student queries. Coordinate with the parent university to ensure credibility and stability to examination system. Devise and monitor strategies and implementation of useful examination practices at the institute and continuously strive to bring about reforms as and when required in the examination system. Dr Arika M Kotha is the Controller of Examination at MITAOE. She can be contacted at (020) 30253500, extension 1140, or via email at coe@mitaoe.ac.in.