MITAOE is only the third institute in Pune which has been bestowed with ‘academic autonomy’ by the University Grants Commission (UGC). Academic autonomy is granted only to those institutes that are accredited by NAAC with ‘A’ grade for all programs. Besides, the institute should also have the 2(F) & 12(B) status of the UGC. This exemplifies that the ‘academic autonomy’ is awarded only to the best institutes. Only those institutes that persistently excel in every aspect of quality education are bestowed with autonomy. Under autonomous status an institute remains affiliated to the University but gets freedom to design the advanced & industry-oriented syllabi, decide the modes of instruction & evaluation, and conduct examination and assessment of papers. The degree though, is awarded by the University. The students earning their degrees from an autonomous institute have an extra edge which guides them to achieve success in any future endeavors; be it placements in reputed national and multinational companies, entrepreneurship or higher education in renowned Indian or international institutes. MITAOE, as an autonomous engineering college in Pune strives to make a huge difference by creating winning personalities and catering to the all round development of its students. Vision of MITAOE is to be a new age learning centre for holistic development of students into professional engineers, to cater to the changing needs of techno-society. MIT aims to provide new-age infrastructural facilities blended with a skill-based curriculum and activity-based pedagogical approaches to develop competitive engineering professionals who are equipped to solve real-world problems. MIT strives to prepare students for lifelong learning by transforming educational practices. MIT promotes ethical and moral values by involving students in community services. MIT aims to promote entrepreneurship and managerial skills by strengthening industry-institute interactions. MIT's updated and contemporary syllabi can be flexibly updated to meet the changing needs of the industry. MIT's innovative approaches to teaching and learning prioritize skill-based education, preparing students for successful careers. MIT's interdisciplinary approaches in academics and research provide a well-rounded education and prepare students for real-world challenges. MIT's wide range of subjects to choose from allows students to pursue their interests and passions, encouraging personal growth and development. MIT's opportunities for collaborations with reputed national and foreign universities, as well as companies, enrich the learning experience and provide valuable networking opportunities.