The Chairman of MIT is Dr Mahesh D Goudar, who serves as the Director of MIT Academy of Engineering (MITAOE). The Member Secretary of MIT is Dr Sunita S Barve, who serves as the Deputy Director Academics and Research at MIT Academy of Engineering. Dr Shitalkumar Jain is a member of the leadership team at MIT and serves as the Deputy Director Corporate Relation at MIT Academy of Engineering. Dr Vijay Babu is the Dean of the School of Chemical Engineering at MIT. Mrs Ranjana Badre is the Dean of the School of Computer Engineering and Technology at MIT. Dr Dipti Sakhare is the Dean of the School of Electrical Engineering at MIT. Dr Prafulla Hatte is the Dean of the School of Mechanical Engineering at MIT. Dr Shyam Shukla is the Dean of the School of Humanity and Engineering Science at MIT. Mr Avinash Bhalerao is the Dean of the School of Design at MIT. Mr. S M Bhagat is a faculty member at MIT and serves as the Registrar. Dr Arika Kotha is a faculty member at MIT and serves as the Controller of Examinations. Dr Abhijeet Malge is a faculty member at MIT and serves as the Dean of Research and Development. Dr. Prachi Rajapallu is an Associate Professor at the School of Electrical Engineering at MIT. Mr Dilip Panchal is an Assistant Professor at the School of Mechanical and Civil Engineering at MIT. Dr Suresh Gosavi is the University Nominee at MIT and serves as a member of the Department of Physics at Savitribai Phule Pune University (SPPU) in Pune. Dr M Sasikumar is an external expert in industry and academics who serves as the Director of C-DAC in Mumbai. Kumar Goud Mulemanel is an external expert in industry and academics who serves as the Director of Chemical Technology Solutions in Thane. Mr Om Dhumal is an external expert in industry and academics who serves as the Head of Operations at Knorr Bremse AG in Pune. The University Nominee at MIT is Dr Aditya Abhyankar, who serves as a Professor and Dean of the Department of Technology at Savitribai Phule Pune University.