The School of E&TC Engineering at MITAOE is one of the principal academic movers at MIT Academy of Engineering, which facilitates students to specialize in the field of Electronics as well as Electronics and Telecommunication. The School offers a four-year course culminating in the Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) degree in Electronics Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering and two year Master of Technology (M.Tech) with the specialization in VLSI and Embedded Systems. The Electronics Engineering program is accredited by NBA for the excellence in academics, research, and administration. To add the feather in the cap in the academic excellence, the UGC has conferred ‘Academic Autonomy’ upon our institute with effect from the academic year 2016-17. This will allow us to foster our practices further in order to offer holistic and high quality education to our students. The School of Electrical Engineering takes pride in the quality and excellence of its joyful learning, industry institute interaction, activity-based learning, industry-based projects, extracurricular and co-curricular activities, and research. The courses offered by the School, equip the students with the knowledge of a blended choice-based curriculum of Natural Sciences and Engineering Sciences. To name a few it goes with Multidisciplinary Program Cores (Humanities and Social Science, Design thinking, System Engineering, Prototyping, Material Engineering, Psychology, Engineering Economics, Sociology, Entrepreneurship and Management, Computer programming and Prototyping). Discipline Cores such as Signals and Systems, Network Analysis and Techniques, Electronics Devices and circuits, Electromagnetic Theory and applications, Digital Signal Processing, Antenna Theory and Design, Power Electronics, Analog and Digital Communication, VLSI Design, Machine Learning make the student well versed with the core concepts Electronics and Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering. A diverse range of the Departmental Electives (Digital Image Processing, Microwave Engineering, RISC Processors, Deep Learning, Fiber Optic communications, Biomedical Engineering, Natural Language Processing, Electric Vehicles and Speech Signal Processing) is also offered by the School.