MITAOE is a sought-after campus for the major multinational corporations for Campus Placements. The Training & Placement Department has a legacy of providing quality placements to the students. Our alumni are serving in almost all the sectors across the globe. Thus, the top players visit MITAOE to recruit engineers with innovative and reengineering spirit. The Training & Placement Department provides an excellent Corporate Interface by arranging interactive sessions with the veterans of the industry. Soft Skills training is imparted to the students to make them corporate worthy. The Training & Placement department endeavors to provide excellent job opportunities to the students. It also inspires the students to become first generation entrepreneurs. Our vision and belief consolidates in our efforts to ensure that our students become self developed industrialists of tomorrow. The Department works on Aptitude test preparation, personality development and industry-institute interactions. Our students have a mission of adding value to the society through technological innovation. Thus, the Recruiters have always found value in the quality of students at MITAOE. The contact information for the Head of Corporate Relations at MITAOE is Mr. Pramod Dastoorkar, who can be reached via email at dastoorkarpp@mitaoe.ac.in or by phone at 9766639080. The Training and Placement Officer at MITAOE is Prof. Anuradha Pawar, who can be reached via email at anuradha.pawar@mitaoe.ac.in or by phone at 7972261296. The training and placement activities at MITAOE include organizing campus recruitment for BTech & MTech candidates. The goal of the training and placement activities is to provide at least one job offer to every student. MITAOE sponsors students for various projects and in-plant / internship training programs in various industries to provide practical experience. The training and placement activities at MITAOE aim to create opportunities for students to work in the field of their choice with industry leaders. The students at MITAOE are trained in personality development to prepare for the recruitment process.